<html>
<body>
<title> Background color formatting </title>
</head>
<body style='background-color:'blue'>


  
<h1><font size='10' face='Times New Roman' color='black'>  My First Website</font> </h1>
<h3> <font size='10' face='Times New Roman' color='black'>Personal Information</font> </h3>

<p>Aidan Tyssen <br>
Student number-3898351 <br>
Email-s3898351@student.rmit.edu.au
</p>
<p> My mum and dad both migrated to Australia when they were young, my mum from Argentina and my dad from Singapore, so I have many nationalities such as Chinese, German, Lithuanian and Dutch.  I completed my year 12 studies in 2020 and am now a first year at RMIT studying bachelor of Information Technology. In my past time I love swimming, looking after my plants, gaming and exercising. </p>
<h2><font size='10' face='Times New Roman' color='black'> Interest In IT </font></h2>
<p>My interest IT started last year, my sister got a boyfriends who studied IT and through it he’s able to make great income at an early age and also has great flexibility in his job, allowing him to live a balanced life and spend time doing things he enjoys.  This was inspiring for me as I’d love that kind of lifestyle, and played a large role in choosing to study Information Technology. <br><br>
I don’t have much experience in IT. In high school I chose basic programming as an elective and over ten weeks I learnt how to use scratch. I learnt basic skills and by the end of the program I had completed a few small projects such as making a simple website and a game of pong. <br><br>
I chose to come to RMIT because out of all the open days I attended, RMIT seemed most welcoming and seemed like they prepared their students exceptionally for future jobs. RMIT’s system of finding real work experience for students was very alluring to me. This type of programming would build a lot of confidence in finding a job after completing my studies and would really prepare students for real jobs. <br><br>
During my studies I expect to learn many skills such as programming, building websites and app development to help meet the needs of users. I also expect to develop teamwork skills through working with classmates which will prepare me for future work. <br><br>
I’m interested in IT as there is such large growth in the industry. There are so many new job opportunities opening up with great pay, making IT a very secure profession. </p>
<h2><font size='10' face='Times New Roman' color='black'>  My Ideal Job </font> </h2>
<p>This position involves analyzing software and finding possible flaws in the system or ways that its security could be breached. It also involves communicating with teams to explain the problem and come together to secure the software and prevent potential threats. This position is appealing to me as I think that the security of data is extremely important and providing security and protecting people’s privacy would be fulfilling. This position also averages a high salary which is extremely appealing to me, as having financial stability is important to me. <br><br>
This job requires skills in scanning for vulnerabilities in advanced networks, hacking skills which can be used to find weaknesses in systems and in depth knowledge on the use of Nessus. Extensive knowledge and experience in coding is also necessary, with backgrounds in languages such as Python, Java and JavaScript. At least two years of experience in a similar field is also necessary. Though not explicitly stated, a master’s degree in Cyber security is likely required. <br>  
Currently I have basic skills in programing using Python, scratch and SQL and no qualifications. My only experience in IT is a basic programing elective during high school and approximately a month of experience learning the basics of Python and SQL.  <br><br>
To get the qualifications for this position, first I must complete the bachelor of information technology, with a GPA of at least 2.0 out of 4.0, which would allow me to enroll in Master of Cyber Security at RMIT. After completing the Master of Cyber Security I would have the necessary qualifications. After obtaining my qualifications I’d get experience in the field, working in cyber security in similar jobs as advertised. In doing so I’d familiarise myself with the type of job, while developing key skills such as scanning networks for weaknesses. In order to have all my skills adequate for this job, as well as completing my studies, I’d put in extra time, learning new programming skills and practicing hacking. I could also increase my programming skills and experience by joining extra activities such as the RMIT programing club, where I could learn from others and gain knowledge from likeminded people. 
   </p>
   <h2> <font size='10' face='Times New Roman' color='black'>Personality</font> </h2>
   <p>I think these tests are mostly accurate. The big 16 test was spot on with its assumptions about me, I’m very introverted and observant, I notice almost everything going on around me and rather work off facts and evidence rather than relying on interpretation. The learning style test means I learn best through physically doing and touching something. This means I should try to include more physical work into my study rather than extensively reading, and try to incorporate methods such as flash cards or physical models into my learning. The big 5 personality test results told me I’m neurotic which means I should work to be less anxious, and to not give into negative feelings and self-doubt. I’m also agreeable which in some ways is good but I should also work on the downsides such as neglecting my own needs for the sake of others and having difficulty saying no.   <br><br>
In article ‘How to Use the Science of Personality When Building an Effective Team’ Heather Harper states that introverts ‘thrive in task orientated roles’ in ‘small teams’. For me this is very accurate and I think I’d do best in a group with more outgoing people. <br><br>

My results indicate that on a team, I’d be hard working and conscious about doing my part in the set time. Due to my high agreeableness I tend to avoid conflict in teams and go with the flow which can be good but I should also work to state my opinions and input, and make an effort to explain my thoughts to others. 
</p>
<h2><font size='10' face='Times New Roman' color='black'>Project Idea</font></h2>
<p>For my project I want to create an app for phones. It would have a few functions designed to help the user with the management of alcohol.  It would be helpful for people who are alcoholics or wish to cut down on their alcohol consumption. It would also help give people an idea of how much they’ve been drinking, how much it costs them and their estimated blood alcohol level. With this estimate the app could suggest to the user when they’ve likely got a safe blood alcohol level and are ready to drive after drinking.<br><br>
In 2016, 10,497 people died in alcohol-impaired driving crashes, accounting for 28% of all traffic-related deaths in the United States. This is a huge amount of people and so many lives could have been saved if people weren’t driving after drinking. From personal experience it can be hard to keep track of how many drinks have been consumed which makes it difficult to guess how long I should wait before driving safely with a blood alcohol level of 0. This app would change that, providing a simple way to monitor the user’s alcohol intake. It could save lives and give people peace of mind driving after a night out. <br><br>
The app would have a sleek app icon, it would be simple with a black background and a minimalistic wine glass icon. On opening the app, there would be a home page which would display your estimated blood alcohol level and whether or not it is safe to drive. There would also be a few buttons at the bottom of the screen which would navigate the app. The buttons would take you to the different functions of the app.<br><br>
The first button would take you to a page with a search bar at the top of the screen, you’d be able to type in the name of your drink and results relating to your drink would be found. You could find your drink this way and access information on the drink such as the number of standard drinks, the calories and the current retail price. There would be the option of saving drinks to a favorites section to make it faster to find drinks you regularly have. You would use this by finding each drink you consume and clicking on it, it would record this and use it to estimate your blood alcohol level.<br><br>
The second button would open a calendar. On each day of month it would show the number of standard drinks consumed on that day. On days where you drunk more than usual a small warning would appear on the calendar, to alert the user to any patterns in their drinking habits. This could also help identify possible causes of over drinking, such as a hard day at work, or going out with friends.<br><br>
The third button would open a page which would allow the user to set personal goals for themselves, such as ‘drink a maximum of five standard drinks in one night’ or ‘only drink on Friday and Saturday nights’. In response to your goals there would be daily reminders and encouraging messages displayed on the home page.<br>
The final button would open a page which would track the total amount of money spent on buying alcohol, and would have dates of specific purchases in order to help the user budget and make choices such as buying cheaper alcohol.<br> <br>
The app would track the user’s location in the back ground, allowing it to guess if the user is in a moving car. If it thought you were in a car it would give a notification, to check that you weren’t driving with a too high blood alcohol level.
<br><br>To create my app I would need a Mac with X code. X code comes with all the tools I’d need to make a fully functioning app. I’d need a Max with MacOS 10.14.4 minimum and at least 7.6 GB of hard drive space.<br><br>
To create this app, I’d need skills using X code and swift as my preferred devices are iPhones. I think it’s feasible for me to learn how to use X code and swift though it’d take a lot of practice and time. It may be easier using cross platform development tool such as Java but it may not make the most efficient app specifically for a phone, which is likely what people would use to access the app. I could design the basic layout of the App but I’d probably want someone with expertise in the area as I believe that the design of an app can make a tremendous difference. There’s a huge amount of apps to compete with and without an aesthetically pleasing design, it’s likely the app would be overlooked and unnoticed.<br><br>
If my project was successful and people used the app, there would be a reduction in the amount of drivers on the road who had a dangerous blood alcohol level, and there would be a reduction in the amount of alcohol consumed by alcoholics and people who wish to cut down their drinking habits. This development will prevent many dangerous drivers, creating safer roads and potentially saving fines, accidents and lives. 
  </p>




</body>
</html>
